Just what the hell are you?
[theme music]
Wow, kiddo, you're doin' great!
Hey, do some more.
[Kaede] Two times seven is 14. Two times
eight is 16, and two times nine is 18.
That's amazing, Kaede. So smart!
When did you get so good at math
all of a sudden, baby, huh?
Um, a long time ago.
Huh, ya don't say! Daddy's very proud
of you, sweetie! [chuckles]
[Kaede] Yeah, Dad, maybe you shouldn't
talk to me like that anymore.
I mean, I'm
not a baby.
Huh?
[Anju] Kaede, it's late.
You should get to bed.
Okay!
[Anju] Why do you sound so
depressed?
It just sucks how kids grow up even
when their parents aren't around.
[Anju]
Oh, it's not that bad.
Truth is, the reason Kaede's acting so
upset right now...
is she lost her teddy bear.
What? Really?
When she's sad like this, she really
needs her father.
Can't you come home more often?
I'd love to, but there's no way.
You know how it is mom.
Heroes just don't get vacation days.
That may be, but you still need to
take care of yourself, dear.
[Kotetsu] I know. Love you.
[Kotetsu] A paid vacation!?
[Alexander Lloyds] You've put in the
hours, now's a good time to use them.
Starting tomorrow, why don't you take
two or three days off?
But... a hero's work
is never done!
You can save the speeches.
The media will have a field day if they
find out we're violating labor laws.
But this doesn't
seem right!
You know the deal. If you don't like it,
you can always quit.
[Kotetsu] But, what if you guys
need me?
[Lloyds] Eh, I think we'll be just fine.
Hmm.
Oh yeah, Bunny's the
big number two!
[both chuckling]
[sighing]
[phone ringing]
-Kotetsu.
-Hey, it's me.
Where are ya? You wanna come
knock back a few cold ones?
[Kotetsu] I, uh, don't feel up to it.
[Rock Bison] What a buzzkill.
Everyone else is livin'
it up on their day off.
[Kotetsu] Well, then call
one of them!
[groaning] Come on!
Oh, he's so cute! Thank you
for the present, daddy!
Hmm...
[toy salesman] Come one, come all, and
take a gander at this!!
This super-rare toy is
gonna sell out in no time!
The ultra-mega-popular Mad
Bear!
Just a few in stock!
This is the must-have toy!
Hmm?
Hmm...
Kids really like this
crap?
[chuckling] Oh, sir. You cannot
even imagine!
Those fresh outta surgery stitches...
The dead fish eyes
with that blank stare...
Every kid goes crazy for
this little guy.
Really? Gee,
I don't know.
Buy this for your kids and they'll
love you forever.
Wrap it up!
[gasping]
Huh!
[singing karaoke]
[groaning]
[phone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Kotetsu] Hey, Bunny, it's me.
Listen, I'm takin' a few days off of work,
can you cover for me while I'm out?
Well, that's a surprise. You don't really
seem like the vacation type.
[Kotetsu] Yeah? You know what the
best part is?
I won't have to see your ugly mug for
a while.
Oh, boy, will that be a relief.
[opera music plays]
Hey, kid. How's it
feel? To watch 'em die?
[gasping]
Hey, Bunny. Where'd you go, man?
Are you mad or somethin'?
-[phone hangs up]
-[grunts]
I was just kiddin'
with ya.
[grunting]
[Barnaby] Mr. Maverick, sir. The man who
killed my parents... I found him.
[humming menacingly]
Sweetheart, I'm heading
home right now!
[Kaede] Okay! Drive safe!
-Oh, and Kaede?
-Yeah dad?
You're gonna love the present I got you!
Apparently, this stuffed animal's
all the rage.
[Kaede] Um, it's not a Mad
Bear, is it?
-[grunting]
-Ugh, I hope you didn't get that.
Those are so hideous!
Oh, those ugly things? I
would never get you that.
[Kaede] So, are you really coming
home or what?
I promise I'll be
there in a jiff.
[Kaede] Dad, you always break
your promises.
This time I
promise I won't.
[gasping]
Damn it!
[Kaede]
Hello? Dad, are you there? What happened?
Dad, can you still hear me?! Dad!?
Sorry Kaede, it looks like I'm not
gonna keep that promise.
[Kaede] I knew it!
[hangs up phone]
Ahhhh!
[Lloyds] Wild Tiger, we're getting word
of a terrorist bombing at Brox Bridge!
You're nearby, right?
Get to the scene, quick!
Oh, first you force me to
take a vacation,
now you want me to end it early?
Make up your mind!
[Lloyds] Wild Tiger. A hero's
work is never done.
Hey! That's exactly
what I said to you!!
[Lloyds] I'll send in the
transporter ASAP.
[groans] I should've known something
like this was gonna happen.
[Kotetsu] Did ya catch that, Bunny?!
Some terrorist lit up the Brox Bridge!
Where are you right now?
Actually, I was heading
to Abas Prison.
[Kotetsu] What? Why?
I wanted to see an inmate.
It's the man who murdered my parents.
Wait, you found him!?
[Barnaby] I was on my way to
confirm it.
But, I'll turn around and
head to the bridge right away.
Nah, keep going.
Huh?
[Kotetsu] Look, you've been searching for
this guy for like, 20 years, right?
I'm not gonna make you turn back
when you're this close!
But you'll have to deal with these
terrorists by yourself.
What, are you sayin' I can't handle things
without you?
Don't you worry, bud.
I've been a hero a lot longer than you.
I got this. Now, get to that prison and
find out if he's your man.
[announcer] This just in, everyone!
The Brox Bridge just suffered a
massive explosion during heavy traffic!
And the Justice Bureau is treating
the incident
as a possible terrorist attack.
All right, so, who's the one that
needed some attention over here?
Huh? What's that?
Oh, boy.
Worst. Vacation. Ever.
[Agnes Joubert] Hello heroes.
As you can see,
we have a bit of an incident.
You know what to do.
Arrest every last one of them!
[all] Yes, ma'am!
That's it! I'm goin' full power!
You wanna dance? Let's dance!
[grunting]
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
What the hell?!
[Agnes] What did you find, Tiger?
It's a Mad Bear! They're, like,
super-rare!
-[Agnes] A what?!
-Haven't you heard of them?
They have these fresh out
of surgery stitches
and dead fish eyes with
this blank stare...
Whoa!
Hey! Hey, get back
here, you dumb doll!
[struggling] Come on! Get
back here!
Ha-ha! Nowhere
to run, Mr. Bear.
That smug little bastard...
Listen, pal, you are
so not worth 30 bucks!
Huh?
[screaming]
-A teddy bear?
-[Kotetsu] That's what I just said.
Look, there's gotta be a mastermind
somewhere with the power to control 'em.
A NEXT must be
behind this.
[gasping]
What happened?!
There was another explosion at
the North Gold heliport!
So, the plot thickens.
This show's getting exciting.
Sky High, Rock Bison, Fire Emblem,
Origami Cyclone, come in!
Forget the bridge!
Get to North Gold, now!
[all heroes] Yes, ma'am!
[chuckling]
Well? Is the army
containing the attack?
Actually, Maverick has
put in a request with the Mayor
to let the heroes
take care of it from here on.
Heroes have never dealt with a
terrorist attack of this magnitude before!
It's outrageous, I tell ya!
What is he thinking?!
Well, heroes. Let's
see if you're up to it.
[breathing heavily]
Looks like the dolls are
at this location too.
The same person is responsible
for both attacks?
[alarm beeping]
What? Another one?
Where is it now?
[radio operator] Two more blasts now,
at East Gold and West Bronze!
[Agnes] You're kidding!
[Kriem] We're almost ready,
Mr. Jake.
Hey, Fire Emblem, Rock
Bison!
Leave this to the others.
Go to East Gold!
[Rock Bison] Oh come on,
we just got here!
Oh, she's such
a tease.
And Blue Rose, Dragon Kid,
get your asses to West Bronze Port!
Ha! Right!
Will do!
But are you sure we should leave
Tiger by himself?
[grunting] What did she
just say?!
I can handle myself,
lady!
And hey, if things get rough,
I'll just use your Cutie Escape!
Hey, come on! I
wasn't done talking!
Party time!
[suit] Powers expire in five
seconds.
-Huh!?
-Four, three, two--
-This always happens.
-... zero.
Dammit, why haven't you heard back
from Barnaby yet?
I keep dialing his comm, ma'am,
but he must be ignoring it.
What could possibly be
more important than this?!
[wristwatch buzzing]
What, are you sayin' I can't
handle things without you?!
[humming menacingly]
[grunting]
Ha!
[announcer] Yes! Dragon Kid brought
down one of the robots!
[Blue Rose] Hey, don't go stealing
my targets.
Oh oops, sorry
[announcer] Fancy footwork! They
outwit another one with a Double Escape!
Fire!
[announcer] Now Fire Emblem's
cranking up the heat!
-[gasping]
-[screaming]
[grunting]
There ya go.
[gasping]
[announcer] Oh, no! Rock Bison and
Fire Emblem are surrounded!
Sky High!
[announcer] And there he is!
The King of Heroes swoops in and
shows us why he's the champion!
Thank you for saving me!
This is my duty. There is
no need to thank me.
[announcer] Origami Cyclone actually
racking up the rescue points!
And he lands a
nice close-up!
Until he gets punched off
the screen!!
[Wild Tiger] And stay down!
Man, how many of these
walking garbage cans are there?
[woman] Help me!
[screaming]
Oh, for-- It was supposed to stop the car!
[grunting]
I've gotcha! Just
hang in there!
This is really bad. All the heroes are
starting to get overwhelmed.
Everyone watching this
is gonna panic.
Ma'am, I really think
we should go off the air.
Don't be such a baby. We're not letting
this chance slip away.
[board operator] You wanna make the same
mistake as last time?!
Don't you see?
The public will turn against us
if they lose faith in the heroes,
just like they did when
Lunatic appeared!
It's not worth the risk.
Okay, stop the broadcast.
Kill the live feed
and switch to tape!
[Albert Maverick] You'll do nothing of
the sort.
What kind of show is this
if we can't trust our stars?
We owe it to the heroes to have faith
in them. They'll pull through like always.
[indistinct chatter]
Look, even the King of Heroes
can't beat these guys!
You can do it, heroes!
[announcer] It appears Wild Tiger
is in real danger!
He's sacrificing himself to
protect an innocent woman!
[gasping]
Good.
Everything is ready,
now, ma'am.
Excellent work.
Bastards. Think a few
bullets can stop me?!
[grunting]
Got it!
Just hold on. I will get
you out of there!
[yelping]
You know, I really hate
using these things,
but for them, I'll make an exception!
Say hello to
my little friend!
[groaning]
[Barnaby] You all right?
[gasping] Bunny? What are you doin' here?
[Barnaby] Huh. It's been a while
since I carried you.
Feels like you've packed
on some pounds.
[Kotetsu] Shut up and put
me down, will ya?
Hey, what about your
prison thing?
[Barnaby] His sentence is 250 years.
I don't think he's going anywhere soon.
And besides...
[Kotetsu] Huh?
[Barnaby] I owed you one for saving
me. Now we're even.
[Kotetsu] Alrighty, then.
Let's take out the trash so we can
pay your friend here a visit.
[Barnaby] Sounds good. Just try to
stay out of my way.
[Kotetsu] Your way? Smart ass.
Uh!
That noise! What
is that?
[Rock Bison] What the hell is all this?
Business cards? But
why?
That's weird.
Hey! It's that symbol!
[gasping]
[Kriem] Attention citizens of
Stern Bild.
Your resistance will not
be tolerated.
[man] Whose voice is that?
[Cain] Nothing works! Somebody must be
jamming our signal!
[Kotetsu] Agnes! Wanna tell us
what's going on?!
The hell if I know!
Now that we have your attention,
let us introduce ourselves.
We're known as Ouroboros.
[gasping]
[Barnaby] It's them.
We have seized control of every
major traffic point
across your entire city.
I'm afraid Stern Bild is now isolated
from the rest of the world.
Or, in layman's terms, your
entire population has become our hostage.
We only have one single
demand.
There is a comrade of
ours being held in Abas Prison,
and we would like him
to be released immediately.
Mmm!
If you fail to honor this
demand,
we will destroy half the pillars that
hold Stern Bild above water,
thus, sinking your
whole city.
They're insane!
You have more than twenty
million citizens here,
and I doubt many of them
can tread water for eternity.
[giggling]
[grunting]
The clock is ticking.
If you want to save yourselves,
you know what to do.
Release one man. His name's Jake Martinez.
Damn.
[grunting]
[humming menacingly]
All done.
[theme music]